NMS-15520: Rename Helm (#5909)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/flows/introduction.adoc

* Collect flows data in a xref:deep-dive/flows/distributed.adoc[distributed or remote network].
* Process a xref:deep-dive/flows/sentinel/sentinel.adoc[large volume of flows data].
* Use https://github.com/OpenNMS/nephron[OpenNMS Nephron] to diagnose issues with flows at scale and queries taking too long.

== How it works

At a high level, with a xref:deep-dive/flows/basic.adoc[basic setup], {page-component-title} processes flows as follows:

. Network devices send flows to either your {page-component-title} or a Minion with a xref:deep-dive/telemetryd/introduction.adoc[telemetryd] listener enabled.
. Telemetryd adapters on {page-component-title} or a Sentinel convert the flows to a canonical flow model.
. Flows are enriched:
** The xref:deep-dive/flows/classification-engine.adoc[flow support classification engine] tags flows and groups them under a name based on a set of rules.
** Metadata related to associated nodes (such as IDs and categories) are added to the flows.
. Enriched flows are persisted in Elasticsearch and/or forwarded to Kafka.
. (Optional) The OpenNMS streaming analytics tool aggregates flows and outputs them to Elasticsearch, Cortex, or Kafka.

> Collected flows data can be accessed in the following locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access collected flows data in the following locations:
```
